So it is with great pride that we present
At the camp show, opening with a golden key.
Vanessa da Mata and Ben Harper.
Sound, sound, sound, sound.
One two Three go.
That's it, there's no way, it's "Good Luck".
I do not know what to say, it's just words and what I feel will not change.
Everything you want to give me, it's too much, it's heavy, there's no peace.
Everything you want from me, unreal, expectations, disloyal.
Falling, falling, falling, falling, falling, falling.
- Falling, falling, falling. - Come on, come on. Falling.
- For face, for face, for. - Falling, falling, falling.
- For man, go to, stop. - Falling, falling, falling.
Falling, falling, falling, falling, falling, falling.
FOR! FOR! LEAVES! LEAVES!
MSN: henrique182_lp@hotmail.com Twitter: @HenriqueeLuiz